Previously on Billions.
We got Nancy Dunlop
burning up the track
ahead of us.
- Hoot-hoot!
You are my beau ideal
of a presidential candidate.
I want to talk about
how I can help you secure it.
Your former man Winston
is shopping a new piece
of risk-management software.
You will surrender
the software immediately,
as it is the property
of Michael Prince Capital.
We know that Wags and Wendy
were also with Taylor,
and went to Axelrod.
So, if you try
anything, it won't be you
who'll suffer,
it'll be Wendy Rhoades.
With a new leadership structure
comes new opportunity,
every rung of the ladder.
It's gonna be a bloodbath.
You see, this is the problem
with squaring away
your enemies list.
You wake up all your enemies
in the process.
Welcome home, Bobby.
Thank God you're here.
Ain't that
the motherfucking truth.
Now let's get to work.
I had skin like leather
And the diamond-hard
Look of a cobra
I was born
Blue and weathered
But I burst
Just like a supernova
I could walk like Brando
Right into the sun
Then dance
Just like a Casanova
With my blackjack
And jacket
And my hair slicked sweet
Silver star studs on my duds
Just like a Harley in heat
When I strut down the street
I could hear its heart beat
The sisters fell back
And said
"Don't that man
Look pretty"
The cripple on the corner
Cried out
Hi, I just tried texting you.
We up and running?
Everything going smooth?
It's so hard to be a saint
In the city
Mike.
You should have told me
you were coming
so I could've had a strong,
fresh-brewed cup
of get the fuck out
waiting for you.
Oh, I'll leave.
But first, let me tell you
how I spent yesterday.
As per your
"we're getting out of-slash-
poised to get out of"...
I have orders at the ready
for our traders here
to start unloading
at the opening bell, but--
- Copy.
- You can't copy
while there's a "but" out there.
The but says, "Don't copy yet,
there's more to discuss."
And the word "order,"
which you used,
says there's nothing
left to discuss.
It's the rock,
paper and scissors
of organizational structure.
Get it done.
You need to hear that we
are going to take a real hit,
optics-wise and wallet-wise.
We will look scared.
We are scared. Or at least
on guard, as is appropriate.
There could be lawsuits
from our investors and LPs.
Spyros and Sacker
have both flagged
possible legal liability
if we really dump
out of this stuff too quickly
and take losses.
I understand all that, and will
deal with it when and if.
So, yeah, you really have to
tell me to push the button and--
I did.
That's what I said.
In the heat of the moment, sure.
But now,
in the calm of the after,
maybe we do some
deep-breathing exercises,
get that oxygenated blood
to sort of set our somatics
back to normal,
and then review the decision
to basically have
a Korvettes-level
"everything must go"
kind of fire sale.
Somatic system, limbic system,
brain waves
all functioning well.
I had to push aside
all the emotional pain
associated with this move to get
to a place of pure rationality.
This is not a rash decision.
It's reasoned.
I know, because
I don't want to do it.
You do.
Leadership is pumping
the brakes on "want"
and putting pedal to the floor
on that which needs to be done.
You will structure
the liquidation
and execute it at the open.
I will.
Yes. Okay.
Give me specifics.
What can we keep?
You can't keep anything.
Get us flat.
Everything becomes cash,
and exposure to Axelrod
and his attacks goes to zero.
This is a guy
who's strip-mined towns,
knocked out
prominent families,
taken over boards,
blown up firms,
sabotaged thriving companies.
Killed my ambassadorship.
zero.
And that's not even
considering Rhoades
and all the crud he has
the capacity to do to us.
No, will stay out unless
and until we are bulletproof.
Only after we establish
completely favorable conditions
do we plow back in.
Jumping out in front of it,
like Sauce Gardner.
If you think I'm stopping there,
you don't know me.
Oh, I know you.
I watch close.
Yeah, I would imagine you do.
Which is why
I was watching everything.
All my people.
All the things they do.
Everything.
Yeah. You said.
I guess it's always important
to keep a close eye
when your people are really
your kidnap victims.
No, Axe, not a close eye.
A thousand eyes and ears,
and the software
to make sense of it all.
I stepped it up before I got
on that plane to come see you.
He's back, as you can see.
We are back.
Already up and running.
I don't have to pitch you the
feeling of coming home, do I?
I can see on your faces
the effect
is already hitting you.
Yeah. Emotions
are present, no doubt.
Strong pull
to join forces again,
but there are
other forces at play.
Even more powerful.
Fucking feelings
can't run this show.
If they did, I'd be all day
coaching middle school baseball.
You'll have time to
if you stay with Prince.
Nothing else for you to do.
He's pulling out of everything.
How much did he consult you
about that?
How much control
do you really have?
How much do you want to be able
to control your destiny?
I control my destiny.
We all do.
By staying at a place
that isn't even making trades?
A money market account,
not a hedge fund?
We can't do what you did.
We can't leave all we
worked for at risk,
gated at a place
we've alienated.
You can.
You just get past the money.
You remember that risking it all
is what animates you.
It is all that animates you.
Or it used to.
What about you?
You were never
just about the money.
Me, 20 years ago,
would have said fuck yes.
But now?
I am too old.
Don't go full Murtaugh.
It's too depressing
from former warriors.
Not being willing to lose
everything I've made
isn't the same as retirement.
And Axe'll understand.
He fucking taught us
to play the best hand
to make the most money.
Yeah.
We're there now,
at Prince Capital.
All our money,
our whole fucking future.
We gotta make
this thing crush.
Whether or not
he becomes president,
our money is still
onboard there.
It's a really nice office.
We need Nancy Dunlop.
Do we?
I took her out
at The Owl.
Yes, and you got
Fourth Pike's support.
But the rest of the country,
the parts that love her,
weren't privy to that.
Next step,
now that she's beaten,
is for her to publicly declare
she's with you.
I need the investment stuff here
resolved first.
But, uh, I get that you're
jonesing pretty hard over this,
- so lay it out.
- Okay.
First of all,
she's in New York.
And if you win her over,
Dunlop turns her
organization over to us.
That means her field operatives
around the country
and the voter data.
We get Montana and likely
the other Western states.
This is the leading Democrat
giving you her troops
and her endorsement.
Email lists, donor lists,
dark money orgs,
links to unions,
lefty groups, grassroots.
The keys
to the whole candy store.
That's right. We wouldn't have
to build and stock our own.
And once you have all that,
you are the presumptive candidate.
The front-runner.
The presidential intelligence
briefings start,
which will make you,
for all intents and purposes,
the heir apparent.
First time in the modern age
an independent candidate
would be in that perch.
I get it.
Book her for dinner,
but I'm not doing anything
until the money
is taken care of here.
I'll say this for you, Axe.
You trained Dollar Bill
and Victor well.
They did the right thing,
like Henry Hill
after the Air France heist.
They paid tribute.
They kicked up.
The important thing is
we said no.
Unequivocally. To Axe.
We hardly even heard him out.
Axe approached you,
you rebuffed him.
This is the thing?
- His proxy, yes.
- Taylor.
Way we figure it, this is the
rocket ship we want to be on.
And they came
right to me.
Didn't waffle. Didn't evade.
Didn't make us go to them.
Same with Rian.
She emailed, though,
said she's not
in a talking mood.
Good.
These are the trusteds.
You all are.
So start finding me
base hit trades.
Singles and doubles only,
with predefined exits.
When we go back in,
it'll be a big, concerted move.
Only moves worth making.
I've got some ideas,
stuff I'm looking at.
- We start with--
- But not yet.
Not until I'm bulletproof.
Prepare. But don't act.
How come you two
didn't run to me or Philip?
Uh, these-- these two
are good guys and good earners.
And they weren't even there.
Didn't go see him.
- It's true what he says.
- But they were invited.
You were, weren't you?
You were touched,
invited to go hear a pitch
from Axe Global.
You didn't report it.
We also didn't go.
As Dollar Bill said.
Because your feelings
ran so deep
you couldn't
bear passing in person?
You knew if you looked upon him
you would submit.
Is that right?
- Sounds right.
- I said it, so, yeah.
It is.
But we didn't go.
We're not the bad guys here.
Nope. You're not.
But so what?
Good guys, good earners.
Go join a 4H club.
I'll find more.
You're both fired.
What the fuck?
These emotions you have
can be played in ways
you aren't even
gonna be aware of.
You're a risk to me.
Or were. Goodbye.
You understand why Prince
had to let Ben Kim and Tuk go.
I understood what the man said.
Is that how you
would have handled it?
I don't know,
but I saw the logic
of it instantly.
Do you ever disagree?
If you do,
does he listen?
We communicate all day long
in ways verbal
and otherwise.
He knows where I stand.
And that'll carry over
to Washington?
- That's the plan.
- You're good with that?
You see him in the chair?
You have doubts?
No. I just like him here,
steering this big boy of a ship.
You will still feel his
steady hand on the rudder
whenever you fear
you might lose control of it.
But you won't need that.
By then, you will be
fully ready.
Yes, sir.
That's how you feel, isn't it?
Solid with all this right now?
As a slab
of Carrara marble, Unc.
And you can get done
what you need to
with the personnel left
at your disposal?
Not a problem.
Good.
Sadly,
your move to hire back
your people out
from under me failed,
like nearly everything
you've tried lately.
Not everything, Mike, huh?
Where you headed?
Call me for the next
campaign event.
I'll live up
to my end of the agreement.
Till then, I'll be
bouldering in the 'Gunks.
With Derek?
Now you're not talking?
Don't, Mike.
We're don't ask,
don't tell again?
We agreed to pause the
arrangement during the campaign.
That agreement got overridden
by certain other actions.
Tell me I'm wrong.
This can be used against me.
It has been.
Which raises the question
of who did what first?
Not a question
I'm interested in.
So I'm going off the grid.
Nothing will be known,
nothing will be raised,
nothing will be written.
I'm just gonna go do my thing,
while you continue to do yours.
As always.
Derek sent a picture.
Big rocks.
Don't get too excited.
I kept my focus on business.
There's a matter
I need to read you in on.
But first, did you handle
the prior matter? Winston?
"Bring me my Bow
of burning gold:
Bring me my Arrows of desire:
Bring me my Spear:
O clouds unfold!
Bring me my Chariot of fire!"
Do I need a bow,
a spear, a chariot?
Nay, we just need
your algorithm.
You know, ChatGPT-4 can adjust
the tone of the words it uses
to meet the vernacular
of the questioner.
Some humans can do same.
Let me try.
Reviewing contents
of entire Internet.
Matching your inane
turn of phrase.
And, yes, locked in.
Let's try this:
"So you ride yourselves
over the fields
and you make
all your animal deals,
and your wise men
don't know how it feels
to be thick as a brick."
Yeah, that works.
Ah, the Tull.
Love it, love it, loave it.
Thick as a brick.
Hard no on that.
I can set an after-school
playdate for you two
to continue along these
engaging lines, but first--
What I'm pointing out
is he must be thick as a brick
to ask for what he and you
and this place already have:
my algo.
No, I got it,
but what we need specifically
is for you to reset
the parameters on the risk algo.
Dial back profit
as prime objective temporarily
in order to really
protect downside.
Yeah, that kind of adjustment
is not in the deal.
The spirit of the arrangement
we made, Winston, should--
I'm more
a "letter of the contract"
sort of guy, you know?
So...
"The letter killeth,
but the spirit giveth life."
That's some New Testament shit,
you hear me?
I see it like this.
I could remind you of
all the various and sundry ways
that I could ruin your life.
Or I could treat you
like a valued,
important and brilliant
member of the team,
being asked to roll up
the sleeves.
It's not about
the work it'll take.
That's fine. I'm Wozniak on
'roids up in this motherfucker.
Nope. It's about ego.
You just said that.
Ego, which translates
into dollars.
The whole thing is,
I am in the process
of careering
off of this algorithm,
and for that to be the case,
I need it to be
a money-making machine.
- Which it is.
- I get it.
So, what dollar figure
would you attach
to the sublimation of that ego
in order for us to get
what we need right now?
It's a seven-figure number
that starts with "Oh, shit!"
That'll be fine.
Get started today. Now.
We have a time frame.
It's right fucking now.
That's not what I'm here
to walk through.
Well, can it wait?
Today is about the money first.
This is about the money.
I expected Chuck
would be strategizing
with former Axe Cappers.
Didn't know where else
the radar blip would come from,
but I was ready.
Based on the binder Chuck
has so graciously provided,
we have a pretty good overview
of Prince's private holdings.
Now this brain trust
can lay out an attack plan.
Best targets in my opinion
are the restaurant group,
the meat-processing plants,
clothing chains,
and auto parts manufacturers.
Hey, do you mind if I burn one?
Uh, I do mind.
Whomsoever ordered these, whoa.
Well, it's Kensington Deli, so...
Hey, let's lay out
how to attack this shit.
All are vulnerable
to misinformation,
disinformation,
false information,
all designed to drive
the enterprise value down.
Once the balance sheets start
to wobble, it just gets easier.
There's also
sabotage from within.
Infiltrate personnel in
to encourage internal conflict.
Disputes among
the management team.
Create divisions
between employees.
Foster a toxic
work environment.
I, for one, know how
debilitating that can be.
It really does lead
to decreased productivity
and a weakened company culture.
You sure I can't burn one?
I'll blow the smoke
out of the window.
It makes my synapses
fire faster.
I know that's not
what it typically does,
but my doctor says I have
a paradoxical reaction to weed.
Your doctor says that?
I mean, she's not
technically a doctor.
More of a spirit walker.
Answer's still no.
There are also
poison pill strategies.
Clandestinely encourage
unethical business practices.
- Bribery, you mean?
- Sure.
If you want
to get earthy about it.
Which you fellas could then
investigate and announce.
And legal entanglements.
Lawsuits designed
to tie up their resources
in lengthy battles
that distract them
from their core
business operations.
Amanda, you have
a grand jury suit?
'Cause you're gonna need it.
Lots of appearances coming up.
We've stumbled upon a whole
bunch of dirty companies,
as you see.
You're going to probably need
more than one.
Try something
without stripes.
- They moiré.
- And get it quick.
Grand jury's open,
and we're going with a long list
of charges
against these companies.
We expect indictments.
You want me to suit up
for something
we're six months away on?
Six months? No.
We're announcing these investigations
and coming charges tomorrow.
All of these companies
are owned by Michael Prince,
or his subsidiaries.
Mm, that's right.
We hurt the companies,
and we hurt Prince.
- Badly.
- Tag the companies as bad.
Ruin them without knowing
if anything criminal
actually happened.
Do the investigation
after the fact.
I plan on using the power
of this office to its fullest,
and I expect you
to do the same.
Otherwise
it is wasted on you,
and will be given to someone
not so easily offended.
You don't see me
clutching my pearls.
I don't even own any.
Guys, there is
an order to things.
Learn of a crime, investigate,
confirm, announce,
so that only companies
that are bad actors are hurt.
And I assure you
we will find crimes.
Fruit of a poison tree
called Michael Prince.
You're okay with this?
We have enough to start.
And I will slumber
like a wee babe tonight.
While I will sleep as always:
deeply, but only 20 minutes
at a time.
But, yes,
free of moral paroxysms.
There are thousands of employees
at these companies.
Working people who will not be
once we start this.
When one man rises
to this level of threat,
that is the way the system
must be used.
You're not in law school anymore.
This is the show.
So you have two choices,
Miss Torre.
You can do your job
and write the briefs
and stand with us as we announce
these investigations tomorrow,
or be complicit.
Is it just us, or are we
waiting for the Third Man?
You can almost hear
the footsteps.
What you said.
About Chuck showing who he is.
It fucking happened.
Tell me.
The three of them.
Him and Ira and Allerd,
they all line up together
and expect what from me?
Obedience? Fealty?
I need the thing, not your
feelings about the thing.
He's got a list of Prince's
private companies.
Investigations
to be announced tomorrow.
There's nothing there.
I may not be voting
for your boss,
but he's as far from a crime
as I am from starring
in a Black Swan remake.
Don't have the dance moves?
My jeté is for shit.
The targets.
And how targeted.
Wow.
I can't stop
these investigations,
or the announcements
that are coming.
I can't stop him.
But I can at least knock the
intended victim out of the way.
So, yeah, I have a source
and some documentation.
I know how Chuck
is gonna attack, and where.
Who's the source?
How close? How good? And who?
Close. All I can say.
Without the specific name,
it's hard for me to put
confidence in the information.
I understand
what you're thinking--
that Chuck might want you
to know he's investigating
to induce a reaction,
but I can't tell you.
For the source's sake.
Nice of you to protect
Amanda Torre from SDNY.
Shit.
So those footsteps.
I wasn't just hearing things.
Smart. Trust no one.
I don't even know
who they're tracking or when.
I just look
at what they send me.
It's that same prudence
that makes me suggest
you sell out your positions
even in these private companies.
All your private
equity positions.
Unless he wants us to do that.
Unless that won't be enough.
It all depends on how many steps
from the idiot he thinks I am,
and he presumes
I think he is.
I-I need a whiteboard.
Dunlop just texted me, Mike.
She needs to push your dinner.
- Tomorrow?
-"Heading back home.
Next trip should be soon."
Herbert Yardley.
Know the name?
WWII codebreaker.
And wrote the first
great poker strategy book.
In it, he kind of invents
game theory.
Now the example we use to figure
this out is the quarterback,
because in order
to defend against him,
you need to figure out
how many steps removed
from the idiot he is.
An idiot quarterback
looks directly
at the man he throws to.
Now, what do you do if you're
the middle linebacker, Kate?
Jump into the path of the ball,
just go where he's looking
and intercept the pass.
And if he's one step removed,
if he looks left
but throws right each time.
- Also easy to defend.
- Sure.
You go to the opposite of his
eyes and intercept the pass.
But-- and this
is where the idea
of un-exploitable play
comes from--
if he knows you're running
this thought process,
he can figure how many steps
removed you think he is,
and he can go eight
or nine steps further out.
Chuck is going to announce
an investigation...
so I sell.
But he wants me to know,
so I don't sell.
But he knows I know,
so he doesn't really
want me to sell.
On and on.
Now the question is,
how many degrees from the idiot
does he think I am?
How many is he?
That's what I need
to figure, right?
No.
Good. Good.
That's what he wants me
spending my time on.
Sorting out the financial attack
he and Axe are planning.
He wants all my focus
on that flank,
ignoring the front where the war
is really taking place.
Shoot.
Get back to Dunlop.
Tell her to be
at my house tonight
after whatever she's doing.
Demand it.
She doesn't leave the isle
of Manhattan before we meet.
That's what you counted on.
Getting me all caught up
in your frontal attack
so I'd miss the real play:
winning Governor Dunlop
and her support.
- Huh.
- But you see,
I remembered what was most
important to me:
the presidency,
and how to get there.
I think you know she hasn't
made her announcement yet.
No, but I think I know
what it's gonna be.
Do you?
Well, then you should know
what I did yesterday, Mike.
So this is where
the magic happens.
Never could make the elephant
disappear when it came to you.
But yeah,
this is the place.
Though as you know,
the usual weapons of this office
are also coming up short
against Prince.
All right, well,
let's get into it.
Do your thing, Wend.
We're dealing with an ambitious,
competitive, confident,
charismatic, socially conscious
strategic thinker
with high emotional intelligence
and deep resources.
Jeez, it's a wonder
I even thought
to come back for this fight.
Or even why I get out of bed
in the morning.
But he's morally complex,
which means he likes to think
he's more ethical
than those around him.
And he is not immune
from engaging
in questionable tactics
to achieve his goals.
That is a slippery slope,
and one place he can be hit.
And he believes in his own
infallibility above all else.
Something you fell prey to
that last time you tangled
with the man.
I thought my play
was un-exploitable.
Until you found out that any
approach can be exploited
if it becomes known.
He's going to cash
with everything.
Whole Street's
talking about it.
It's untenable.
He's probably looking
for some sort of hard reset
to make sure we're not already
in his holdings.
He'll have to buy back in fast.
Nobody wants to pay him
two and twenty to sit in cash.
How long does he have?
A few days, max.
He'll try to massage
his investors, his employees,
but he smells the attack.
He knows we want to hurt him.
Hurt? No. Annihilate.
Send his holdings up
in a mushroom cloud.
You got a way
to separate his cash
from all the people
that work there for him
before you A-bomb his shit?
You know, the ones you told me
you couldn't abandon
and had to protect,
so staying in London
was out for you.
Those people?
There is no way.
Price of doing business here.
So who wins when Prince loses?
The country.
The world.
Like it, don't love it.
All right,
let's shift venues
before your staff come
into work and clock I'm here.
You need someplace
to work out of?
I'm covered, Charles.
Uh, yeah,
I'd say you're covered.
It'll do for now.
Still have my eye on a different
space for the long haul.
Sure.
Strength report.
I think, from what I know,
Prince is gonna try
to lock up Dunlop.
But she's not easy.
We have to set it up
so she does what we want.
Bobby, you need to reach Dunlop.
Offer her whatever you can.
Make sure she doesn't do
the wrong thing.
And what is the overall plan
at the moment?
Bankrupt Prince,
drain the portfolio,
use whatever we know
about the man
and can glean
to set it up.
You do know-- He does know
our money's in there too?
Like I told them:
Like it, don't love it.
Pitched Dollar Bill and Victor.
Pass from each.
They love you, but...
That's the smart move.
Their money's
holding them hostage.
Most people aren't crazy
like you, Taylor.
- And Ben and Tuk?
- Too emotional for them.
The whole thing.
They wouldn't meet.
They knew if they saw me,
especially you,
they'd just go in for a hug
and never let go.
Dumb move.
They'll be canned by now.
You may be aware
that the guillotine
was originally conceived
and fashioned
by Dr. Joseph-Ignace Guillotin
as a more humane means
of execution.
Unaware.
But since we've already been
decapitated, sans the humanity--
Lightning quick.
Less likely to be botched
than steel or scimitar.
So, no severance package?
So, yes severance package?
Consider the mouton
to have fallen.
Detailed data sheets
of every farthing
you have tied up in this fund.
Also known
as what you stand to lose
should you use or discuss
or otherwise bandy about
anything you have learned
about trades
and business practices here.
You know we have
aggressive non-competes,
unless you think
we're gonna bring
our inside knowledge
to Starbucks.
Only place on the Street
we can still work.
You have aggressive
non-disparagement clauses too.
Should you wind up
in said Starbucks,
you had better be praising
Mike Prince
for the chance to quaff
their barely potable
breakfast blend.
Key cards, please.
And your Nimbus rings.
Find out how long
their non-competes are.
I've got to make
a call.
See, I wasn't exactly
caught unawares
by any of your
highlight reel plays.
Governor,
don't meet with Michael Prince
until you sit with me.
Mr. Axelrod,
are we sharing calendars now?
What makes you think I'm
meeting with Michael Prince?
You're the key piece.
Anyone smart can see it.
And Mike Prince, for all
his flaws, is at least that.
We all know you're
in New York. Come on.
All right, look,
I took the call because
you're an influential man.
I like that you get
straight to the punch.
That's my style. So I will.
Even if you max out
your contributions
and get all your fancy friends
to do the same...
not sure the association
is what I need right now.
I'm no Wall Street fancy pants,
so I don't see
how you can help.
And I sure don't see
any value in meeting.
Oh, I think there is.
Whatever you have on
with Prince, cancel it.
Postpone it at least,
and then meet with me
so I can show you.
La-da-da
Da-da-da
- I'm gonna go check on the--
- Yeah, check on that.
How we doing, guys?
We're doing good, thanks.
Fantastic, Tommy.
I'm liking
this new red.
It's a good one.
- All right, enjoy, everybody.
- Thank you so much.
Salut, gentlemen.
Salut. Cheers.
Salut. Enjoy your dinner.
I don't impress easily,
but Rao's?
All alone?
Yeah, well,
these are my people.
It can't be that simple.
I've been asked here before
by my biggest donors,
richest people in the world
offering to bring me.
But I was never in town
on the third Tuesday
of the month,
or whenever they had
their regular table.
And, look,
you've got the whole place.
Can't even imagine the cost.
Nah. It ain't about that.
Or net worth.
You need to be a person.
And have grip with Ron,
and Frank Jr., Joe, Dino.
They need to be your friends.
Then you need to be sure
not to act like an asshole.
Oh, this is one hell
of a meatball. Good God.
Well, that's the thing,
though, isn't it?
Riding with me.
What do they say?
The one thing
you will never regret
spending money or time on
is a great experience.
A memorable time.
That's what I provide.
When I look at you,
I look at your appeal,
your infrastructure.
The memorable experience
I want to provide
is a trip to the White House.
That would be one hell
of a memorable one.
Mm-hmm. Then work with me.
Respond to Prince
on your timeline, on mine,
on the way we decide
to do together.
And that's where this ends up.
I'll put you
on top in the race,
but you got to do it
the way I lay it out.
This is one hell of
a meatball, like I said.
But it's a long way from there
to the presidency.
What kind of real guarantees
can you make me?
Well, that's a fair question.
What's he offered?
You asked me
to cancel the meeting,
so I don't know
where he'll start.
Probably cabinet positions.
But we all know
where it'll end up.
Then let me help you
think through
all the ramifications.
Axe, you're impressive.
This is impressive.
But this is something I've
worked my whole life for.
Then don't barter that dream
to a guy so transactional
he'll sell VP for your support.
And the truth is, you shouldn't
even settle for that.
Here we go.
- Here's the veal parm.
- Thanks, Dino.
- Enjoy.
- Thank you.
So, aside from the best veal
in the city,
what can you really offer me?
You're really doing it.
Vagabonding.
Night flight
to the West Coast?
Or are you going the other way,
Prague or Stockholm?
Morocco, baby.
Sheltering Sky time.
Smoking kief.
Do you smoke it?
I don't know, do you?
Or chew it.
Anyway, North Africa,
then the Middle East,
then I don't know where.
Good choice. All of it.
So, what's the plan?
Go until the money runs out?
Because I've checked
and saw how much
you've slowly been
pulling out of the fund.
- Unlike the rest of us.
- Yeah, pretty much.
Time for something else.
Maybe find myself some
Kim Gordon-Thurston Moore
type heat,
but with a better ending,
you know?
Not gonna find that
at the firm.
No, you're not.
Wait, you're not here
to try to stop me?
I'm glad you're going,
but you left me that book.
That was an invitation
to say goodbye.
I can't hug you
with this backpack on.
Thank you for bringing me in.
For teaching me.
- I could have never--
- Shh.
Two billionaires
want to take me to prom,
and neither of them are getting
me jazzed about the after-party.
- Uh-huh.
- So,
ya-fucking-hoo to me.
Well, I have to think
if there was nothing that
Axe said worth considering,
you wouldn't
have come to me.
Prince is too smooth.
Too confident.
He's built different.
It's like he ate
the Great Man Theory
and asked for seconds.
Well, no argument there.
But I'm not seeing
enough evidence
your guy is that different.
Which is why I am here.
And I am grateful you are, Governor.
I don't need gratitude.
I need clarity.
Clarity.
Okay.
Well, Bobby Axelrod
doesn't lie to himself.
If he says he's gonna do
something monstrous,
that's what he does.
And that's what he is.
A self-aware monster.
If he says we can get you
to the White House,
it's not to serve his ego.
It is simply the truth.
Hmm.
An honest cocky son of a bitch.
And there's your difference.
Axe has ego,
and doesn't pretend otherwise.
Prince wants you to believe
he is the benevolent,
humble servant
of the greater good.
A selfless billionaire.
Hmm. Sounds like a punch line.
If success in politics
is the ability to seem sincere
when no sincerity
actually exists,
then Prince is
the ultimate politician.
I hear what you're
telling me. I do.
But see,
you just said it right there.
One of them is in politics,
and that's the game I'm in.
And that's the game
I want you to win.
Long term.
And I really know
how you can get this done.
It is the one thing on Earth
I am truly elite at.
Walk me through it, then.
So, you see, we put up
some roadblocks of our own.
I can see why you feel good
about this, Axe. I can.
But there's one beat
I left out of my own story.
I did, you see, end up having
my own meeting with Dunlop.
Governor, now that
you've met all over town,
I'm glad you decided
to find time for me.
Well, I wanted to make you
the last meeting,
so I wouldn't have to tell you
that I'd have to think about it.
- Either way.
- Considerate.
Sure. That's what it is.
As I am considerate
of those I vanquish.
No reason to pull
a full Angel Reese.
I like her spunk and fire.
Of course you do.
When I played,
I was more in the
"just place the ball on the
baseline after you score" mode.
That's what went in Indiana
in the '90s.
Different world now.
Certain things,
certain values,
should remain constant.
We aren't playing
to an audience, Mike.
What can you offer me?
She is tough.
And you definitely got to her.
Sorry to make it so difficult.
Yeah.
Maybe we've each made it
as difficult for the other
as we should.
Maybe we try
a different mode now.
Say the thing
you're dancing around.
It's time to put
this conflict to rest.
By way of peace talks.
Let's call them in.
All of them.
You believe we've got
Dunlop where you want her?
I believe she'll do exactly
what we need her to.
In the old-timey thing,
the predominant king would, say,
surrender his Northern troops,
give back some lands.
Because he knew
if the war went on,
even in victory,
it would be Pyrrhic...
and that he could prevent
further bloodshed
and loss on all sides
by doing so.
And what do
great presidents do?
Great presidents,
all great leaders, do the same.
Dictate peace
through strength.
Great presidents?
Dreams of fucking grandeur.
They should deal with traitors
harshly before that peace.
Damn right they should.
You should, Mike.
Yeah, that way you'll
finally be in charge,
all by yourself, just like
you wanted from the start.
That's what you think
is driving him?
That,
or the nose-to-ass parades
you've been
such a prominent part of.
Stockyard comment
from a man
whose mind is always
in the trough.
You're doing
a lot of talking
about strength, Mike.
But only the king
with the extra armies
or allies or siege artillery,
the fucking dreadnought
weapons--
Those are the nukes
he's so eager
to play around with.
Only the king with all that
had the juice to dictate terms.
But you?
You just look like
another run-of-the-mill usurper
scrapping for turf in this room.
Hear, hear.
So you think.
Now, my information
has Governor Dunlop
reaffirming her own candidacy
for president tonight,
with a big machine
and a lot of backing behind her.
Mine too, which means you'll be
in a dogfight for the next year.
I guess we'll soon see.
It's time.
Oh, fuck.
Hello, everyone.
No intros needed.
You know who I am,
and I know those of you
it's important to know.
It's been a real kick doing
the roundy-round with you all.
But I've made my decision...
to not only throw my support
behind our next president,
Mike Prince,
but to become his partner.
His vice president.
For the good of our country
and the whole world.
Yeah. Like I said.
At least
you got a decent price.
Governor, thank you.
I'll meet up
with you shortly.
Now, I know what that's
got to feel like.
And that the tendency
for you, and for me,
is to go on trying
to destroy each other.
But it'll cost both sides,
even though it's pretty clear
who'll win out here.
Which is why I propose
a peace treaty
between our warring factions.
- And what would that look like?
- Like this:
You, jointly and separately,
will cease all further
and future attacks on me,
my name, my candidacy,
my personal life
and my business interests,
which include
my remaining personnel,
which no longer includes anyone
on that side of the table,
by the way.
In return, I will do the same,
and when I become president,
I pledge not to use
any government resources
to persecute, prosecute,
fire or bankrupt any of you.
Should we jump ahead past
all the writhing and invective
to the place where we all admit
this is the best deal
you're gonna get?
Good.
We skipped
The light fandango
So, well, there's that.
Yeah. There it is.
I was feeling
Kind of seasick
Yes.
Okay.
That was the call.
You're on the briefings, Mike.
First one is tomorrow.
Yeah.
So, yes, that's it, then.
When we called out
For another drink
All conditions satisfied.
The waiter brought a tray
Tomorrow, at the open,
put the money to work
as instructed.
Nothing heroic.
Prioritize return of capital,
not return on capital.
You got it, Cap'.
Where's the briefing?
White House?
No.
We're going to Camp David.
That's it.
You're minted.
Boom.
You can say that again.
...Shade of pale
She said
"There is no reason"
"And the truth
Is plain to see"